chore: add download links for all samples (#520)
Esri/jsapi-resources: component-samples/coding-components/samples/angular/README.md

# Coding components Angular sample

> 📁 **[Click here to download this directory as a ZIP file](https://github.com/Esri/jsapi-resources/blob/main/zips/coding-components-sample-angular.zip)** 📁

Reviewer: @manugadde all coding-component sample READMEs will need similar fixes

```suggestion
📁 **[Click here to download this directory as a ZIP file](https://esri.github.io/jsapi-resources/zips/coding-components-sample-angular.zip)** 📁
```
